docs(elastic-metal): Fix IPv6 details for PN ext-add-elastic-metal (#5770)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/elastic-metal/how-to/use-private-networks.mdx

    <Message type="important">
    If you are running multiple virtual machines on an Elastic Metal server, our managed DHCP is not currently able to distribute IP addresses to your virtual machines. We recommend that you use the [IPAM API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/ipam/) to book IP addresses for your virtual machines, and assign them manually.

>     Also, if you are using a IPv6 private network, your Elastic Metal server may contact the public DHCP server instead of your Private Network's one. If it occurs, you will not be able to communicate with other

Reviewer: @copilot 
```suggestion
Also, if you are using an IPv6 Private Network, your Elastic Metal server may contact the public DHCP server instead of your Private Network's DHCP server. If this occurs, you will not be able to communicate with other resources in your subnet, except by manually assigning an IP address.
```
